Fix config mistake for L-add to L-added (#9)
Manta-Network/Dev-Tools: changelog-generator/README.md

### Sample Config.toml
```toml

> # Optional as there are CLI arguments too, defaults to same directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Optional as there are CLI arguments too, defaults to the current working directory
```
